[Music]
Hello again friends of the
channel well today I bring you how are you how are
you it's that I'm already launching into
telling the salsa today I hardly say hello
how are my lovers and lovers of
salsa how is it this morning you are
having coffee while you
listen to me I love it well yesterday it was
Gema López's turn she's been
playing with her for several days now with more and more
intensity you know no I mean do I need to
explain to you why suddenly she
gets humiliated and the ISR in the
center of the target Gema López no
need I'm not very smart anymore I've lived
that long and when you see me
you learn a lot from me
well well it's Gema López's turn
obviously for everything she's
dragged through for everything she's said and
for her face to face with Rocío Carrasco not
telling her four truths that's bad
hair they have to pay no then it
turns out to be street in the discussion before
starting with the program you already know the
first part  from sálvame all the
collaborators are there coming out with their theory what will
they release because they have
announced that at six in the afternoon they are going to
release a bomb, not a bomb of the
big lie of gema lopez. No, here there is
a factor that antonio montero was defending
and that laura fa very much, I do not like the
lack of respect on this channel is I
want to be a very respectful journalist, let's
see,
ignorance it could be yes it could be
ignorance perfectly because the
farc aura very Christian loads then she is
totally hurt with the entire
opposing side and she attacks everything that the
opposing side says like that, have you
understood me better? No, and what I was
defending was not right or did it make
sense and it is obvious to explain why
Antonio Montero was defending and
some collaborators have agreed with him
because that is how
each person, no matter how much I have explained on
many occasions, is worth it, no matter how much of a
public figure you are, that does not
take away your right to decide what
part of your life is private and what part is
not worth it. At the time that you are
working on sálvame, they always try to
pull the blanket off, no, and bring out things from  your
private life this tells us a lot of times
less than a neighbor calls and says that
you didn't do the laundry than if you did,
a classmate calls and says that
you failed all your subjects this is
obviously demanded, for example, I would
n't let even a fly step on my
shoulder because because I
don't talk about my private life, I talk about others,
that's the law of the jungle but that's how it is
and then you take
Laura fa and she says that no, you're
here one day it's one's turn and the next day it's the
other's turn and if he's touched then he's
touched no dear that's not how it is
you'll put up with that but she doesn't have to
put up with the bad stuff but what
Aaron says about the new technique of Sálvame now
suddenly it was a little more respected before
she says I haven't seen that
respected but well you say Emma López
that it was a little more respected before but
now what they do on Sálvame is that they
throw you the
pill they don't throw you the bait a
little no and
It depends on your reactions, they either pull the rug out or not, but of course they play on the fact that you're working and getting paid for that program and you're not supposed to sue them. Well, I'll tell you, it depends on who it is because I'm working on whatever
program it is and they get something out of me that really
pisses me off and I go work somewhere else
because that's what it is like not
depending on anyone, do you understand? That's why
some are changing their
opinions and all that, not because they depend on the
program because
more than one of those who are there are not going to work elsewhere.
So small open, what she says is
very right, the program plays on the fact that
you're not going to sue them because you
have the job here, it's worth going,
the ignorant one because look, you look
ignorant Laura fa because it's the least you can do, not
saying no, if it's your turn, it's your turn,
no, at all. The law is not the same
for Rocío Carrasco as for
María José Campanario as for Javier
Oliveira, for example, it's not the same, it's not the
same, I can talk about
Rocío Carrasco's privacy and I can give my opinion on whether she has
been unfaithful, yes  it hasn't been yes I think
in chipiona and I don't know how much yes I think she has
n't behaved well as a mother or
badly I can talk about her private life she has
made a documentary of 16 chapters
of one hour each of course I can
talk I can give my opinion I can't insult her
of course I can defame her
slander her no but I can give my opinion about her
private life and I can make 800 and
program of her private life but she about
me no she about my mother who can talk
like I am as a youtuber she can't
talk about my children about my wife where
I have worked previously she can't
okay because because I have drawn a
line in what is my public character
and my line in my private life and then
this is how it is for the law we are not let's see
we are all the same for the law in
other aspects but in the aspect of
privacy we are not
the same how is it going to be the same Javier Oliveira as Rafa Mora as Paz Padilla as Jesulín de Ubrique perhaps no and look Jesulín de Ubrique still has to be respected more because lately in  the last few years you've not been
putting things about his private life but
even so even if he does interviews
talking about things about his life and his
family it doesn't give him the right to have a
journalist come and reveal something intimate about him he
can easily sue because those
from Sálvame don't find out in reality
I think they do know what happens is that they
compensate them because then they sue them for
money on the other hand so like what the
hell with that no until there's something
criminal involved they won't learn their lesson
but that's all
the stupidity that Laura was saying
fa please when I said it she throws her
hands up in my head like if it's your turn it's
your turn or so you to work on
Sálvame as a collaborator to comment on the
gossip of people about celebrities who do
that because Rocío Carrasco
exposes herself to that she's been doing it for
many years giving inclusive
interviews talking about her private life
and finally a documentary that I would
like Game of Thrones well of course
we can talk about that but I know that you
to work on Sálvame as a collaborator
that your studio  It's a
journalism degree, no, because some are
journalists, others are from Big Brother and all that
stuff, but some are journalists,
and imagine not studying a
journalism degree so you have to
sell what color
underwear you wear, but I find it incredible,
our people, about shows, about
shows, I'm going to be reading the
comment box, I send you a
huge hug and until the next newscast
[Music]